multiline: Add regex stage example and note (#3843)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/clients/promtail/stages/multiline.md

We would like to collapse all lines of the traceback into one multiline block. In this example, all blocks start with a timestamp in brackets. Thus we configure a `multiline` stage with the `firstline` regular expression `^\[\d{4}-\d{2}-\d{2} \d{1,2}:\d{2}:\d{2}\]`. This will match the start of the traceback but not the following lines until `Exception: Sorry, this route always breaks`. These will be part of a multiline block and one log entry in Loki.

```yaml
- multiline:
    # Identify timestamps as first line of a multiline block. Note the string should be in single quotes.
    firstline: '^\[\d{4}-\d{2}-\d{2} \d{1,2}:\d{2}:\d{2}\]'
    max_wait_time: 3s
- regex:

>     # Flag (?s:.*) need be to set for regex stage to capture full traceback log to the extracted map

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Flag (?s:.*) needs to be set for regex stage to capture full traceback log in the extracted map
```
